Review 1
The authors have developed a library management tool (called pvslm) for
working with libraries of PVS theories. Included is an annotation language
for describing library and theory dependencies. The annotations appear in
library metadata files spread throughout the library directories. Use of
the tool is illustrated with the NASA PVS Library as an example.
Serious users of PVS would no doubt benefit from the pvslm tool created
by the authors. As with any large collection of artifacts, having tool
support makes the task of using and manipulating the artifacts easier.
The pvslm tool appears to offer practical, useful features, such as
tracking dependencies, installing and updating packages, and listing
library contents.
Having said that, the paper does not really offer much of a research
contribution. It describes a practical tool, a basic utility function,
but it would not be challenging for anyone to create something similar.
The description language is rather modest; it has no attributes that
are particularly noteworthy. While the tool itself is a helpful
contribution to the PVS community, this paper would not give the NFM
audience much that is of great interest.
The authors have also left out some aspects of the work that might have
made the paper more interesting. For example, where did the dependency
information in the metadata come from? Was it auto-generated from the
theory files? If so, how was that done? Also, the paper only mentions
features for users of libraries. What about features for those who
create or maintain libraries? Does pvslm help with the process of
starting a new library?

Review 2
This short paper describes the PVSLM tool that manages libraries of PVS 
libraries, especially the dependencies between library theories. It is 
illustrated with detailed instructions for PVSLM management of the latest 
version of the NASA PVS library (example is primarily the trig package). 
The implemented tool (python) can be used on any PVS library available 
through a git server, and is available as a Gnu license.
The paper itself is a combination of a synopsis of a PVSLM user guide 
and description of concepts and metadata for theory library management. 
The paper reports on annotating the NASA PVS Library, which attests to 
the PVLSM tool’s robustness. Future work includes using it on other PVS 
libraries, and configuration management of PVS libraries with different 
versions of PVS. 
Comparison to similar tools used for organizing theories in other 
executable proof systems is not substantial. Foundational issues such 
as how the tool relates to the rich literature on theory morphisms is 
not included in the paper The nature of the paper as essentially a 
synopsis of the user guide led to borderline score.

Review 3
The authors describe the tool pvslm, a library management system for PVS.
Library management tools are useful, and are available in many other 
systems (e.g., Cabal for Haskell).
pvslm organizes libraries into packages, and packages are collections of 
PVS theories.
As far as I can tell, there is very little specific to PVS in this tool. 
It is also not clear how innovative the tool is as a package management system.
The authors do not compare pvslm with existing systems (e.g. Cabal).
Important features such as version management are still missing.
The case study is also not very convincing, it is not hard to download 
and install the NASA PVS library using the github repository 
(https://github.com/nasa/pvslib).